docs: update config docs (#10443)
emqx/emqx: rel/emqx_conf.template.en.md

EMQX configuration consists of two layers.
From bottom up:

1. Cluster-synced configs: `$EMQX_NODE__DATA_DIR/configs/cluster.hocon`.
2. Local node configs: `emqx.conf` + `EMQX_` prefixed environment variables.

:::tip Tip
Prior to v5.0.23 and e5.0.3, the cluster-synced configs are stored in

> `cluster-override.conf` which on top of the local configs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cluster-override.conf` which is applied on top of the local configs.
```

> If upgrade from earlier version, as long as `cluster-override.conf` exists,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If upgrading from earlier version, as long as `cluster-override.conf` exists,
```

> If upgrade from earlier version, as long as `cluster-override.conf` exists,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you upgrade from earlier version, as long as `cluster-override.conf` exists,
```

Author: changed to: If upgraded from an earlier version.

`cluster.hocon` will not be created, and `cluster-override.conf` will stay on
top of the overriding layers.
:::

When environment variable `$EMQX_NODE__DATA_DIR` is not set, config `node.data_dir`
is used.

The `cluster.hocon` file is overwritten at runtime when changes
are made from Dashboard, management HTTP API, or CLI. When clustered,
after EMQX restarts, it copies the file from the node which has the greatest `uptime`.

:::tip Tip

> To avoid confusion, do not overlap configs in `cluster.hocon` and `emqx.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid confusion, do add the same configs in `cluster.hocon` and `emqx.conf`.
```

Reviewer 2: I think this one should indeed be "don't add the same keys on both", as `cluster.hocon` will be overwritten after most config updates, possibly losing the manual changes.

Reviewer: Thanks, missed the `not`
